# Chapter 112: A Dark Past

She wasn’t weak. Yet, in front of me now, she was showing a vulnerable side. I had plenty I wanted to say to her, but for the moment, it seemed better to listen. I hadn’t wanted to meet and talk like this, and it felt a bit premature, but if it was a conversation we’d have to have eventually, getting it over with sooner rather than later wasn’t a bad idea.

I nodded once as a sign of agreement, and she gave a faint smile.

“Before we start, I have one question. How do you usually see me?”

I couldn’t yet grasp the intent behind Jeong Ha-yeon’s question. But I didn’t overthink it. Just as I had shared a piece of my sincerity with her through the *Crystal of Truth*, she was now trying to reveal her inner self to me. I recalled the moment in the Ruined Laboratory when she’d shown a reaction to the *Golden Lion Clan*.

“I think of you as a clever and skilled mage,” I said.

“And?” she prompted.

“You’re always calm and like to approach things logically. You fused on the *Golden Lion Clan*, she smiled bitterly, her lips trembling as if she might cry, but she held it back. After a couple of deep breaths to steady herself, she continued in a choked voice.

“The moment I stood in front of the door, I heard faint sounds from inside. Yes, it was the sound of a man and a woman moaning. With my trembling hand on the doorknob, I stood there, dazed. Then, as if entranced, I slightly opened the door. And inside the room… as expected, he was there with another female user, their bodies entwined. The moment I opened the door…”

Jeong Ha-yeon paused, her eyes seeming to blaze with a fierce flame of anger. The intensity of her fury made me swallow hard, waiting for her next words.

“My eyes met those of the female user lying beneath him, receiving him.”

# END OF THE CHAPTER